Do you have a ‘go-to’ dish you could prepare with a minimum effort?
Maddie Sarre, Student, The University of Adelaide
Pasta with a sauce that is made from tomatoes, garlic, onion, olives, maybe some eggplant or zucchini. And that's, pretty much, it.
Cooper Williams, Student, The University of Adelaide
Probably a poke bowl. I find it's a really quick, easy way to just get a lot of different veggies and sources of nutritional food in one place, one hit.
Sascha Kelly, Student, The University of Adelaide
I think the key for me, especially throughout university, has really been about keeping it simple. So I'll make sure I have good basics on hand like a hummus or an eggplant dip, both of which are readily available at supermarkets. But are also really cheap and simple to make at home. And I can toss them in some wraps or into a salad with some roasted vegetables on the side. And that's really easy.
The other thing is if I've got some time on a Sunday or during the week, I'll batch cook. So I'll make a big vegetarian chili, which I can have for dinners throughout the week.
Le Quang Long, Student, University of Wollongong
My personal go-to meal I can prepare in a very short time is a can of tuna and boil vegetable.